Update new-partition.md (#1253)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/storage/new-partition.md

This example uses five cmdlets and the pipeline to get all disks, filter them for only RAW, unpartitioned disks, initialize the disks, partition the disks, and then format them.

## PARAMETERS
> [!NOTE]

> > We can use only one paramter between -AssignDriveLetter or -DriveLetter while creating a new-partition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can use either -AssignDriveLetter parameter or -DriveLetter parameter, but not both at the same time, while creating a new partition.
```
